Advise against using WEEK granularity for Native Batch and MSQ (#14341)
apache/druid: docs/multi-stage-query/reference.md

- PT1H
- PT6H
- P1D
- P1W*
- P1M
- P3M
- P1Y

For more information about partitioning, see [Partitioning](concepts.md#partitioning-by-time). <br /><br />

> *Avoid using `P1W` due to alignment complications with months and years.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Avoid  partitioning by week, `P1W`, because weeks don't align neatly with months and years, making it difficult to partition by coarser granularities later.
```
